===============
MyBashBurn FILE
===============

filename			MyBashBurn.sh (BashBurn.sh)
original author			Anders Lindén
initial date			Late 2001
description			This is the main-program of the
				burning-program MyBashBurn. MyBashBurn is
				able to burn:
				* Audio-CDs (From mp3, wav, ogg files and xmms playlists)
				* Data-CDs
				* CDs from ISOs
				* CDs from CDs
				* Multisession CDs
				
				
filename			audio_menu.sh
original author			Anders Lindén
initial date			February 2002
description			This shellscript prints a sub-menu of
				the main-one of BashBurn for choosing
				what BashBurn will do if you want to burn an AUDIO-cd
				
				
filename			data_menu.sh
original author			Anders Lindén
initial date			February 2002
description			This shellscript prints a sub-menu of
				the main-one of BashBurn for choosing
				what BashBurn will do if you want to burn a DATA-cd

				
filename			iso_menu.sh
original author			Anders Lindén
initial date			February 2002
description			This shellscript prints a sub-menu of
				the main-one of BashBurn for choosing
				what BashBurn will exactly do if you
				want to burn an ISO-cd.
					
				
filename			xmmsread.sh
author				Anders Lindén
init date			020501
description			This script read the xmms
				playlist you enter, creates wav
				files from the files it founds and
				copies them to BURNDIR to be burnt
Bugs?				Most likely. This is a simple script that
				once I learn awk, cut or some other fancy
				schmansy tool will be tuned up a lot. 
				Report bugs and suggestions to
				anders.linden@gmail.com


filename			burning.sh
original author			Anders Lindén
Initial date			Late 2001
description			This shellscript is the core of BashBurn, because here
				is the real burning-part. At the moment it can burn
				audio-, data-files or ISOs on a CD.(--audio, --data or --iso --pipeline)


filename			multi.sh
original author			Anders Lindén
initial date			011230
description			Shellscript for creating multisession cds with BashBurn.
				
			
filename			configure.sh
original author			Anders Lindén
initial date			Late 2001
description			This is the configuration program of BashBurn. You can change
				all the values of the configfile (/etc/bashburnrc) with it.


filename			convert_mp3s.sh
original author			Anders Lindén
initial date			Late 2001
description			This script converts the mp3 files in BURNDIR to wav-files.


filename			convert_oggs.sh
original author			Anders Lindén
initial date			020724
description			This script converts the ogg files in BURNDIR to wav-files.


filename			bincue.sh
original author			Anders Lindén
initial date			030513
description			The file that makes it possible to burn bin/cue files
				with BashBurn. This file is still in early stages and has
				not been tested very much. Report bugs to Anders.


filename			check_path.sh
original author			Wilmer Jaramillo
initial date			040117
description			This script checks for all apps needed by BashBurn and reports
				back whether they are installed or not.


filename			datadefine.sh
original author			Anders Lindén
initial date			Early 2005
description			This script is where you define what data
				you want to burn with BashBurn.

filename			Makefile
original author			Wilmer Jaramillo
initial date			061215
description			For install MyBashBurn project


=============================================
$Id: FILES 28 2007-01-06 17:05:14Z k0k $
